Create Epicor.md (#537)
cyclr/docs: pages/v2/05-application-connectors/authentication/Epicor.md

---
title: Epicor authentication
sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: epicor-connector
tags: [connector]

---

{::options parse_block_html="true" /}

<section class="card">

## Cyclr setup

> To authenticate your connector, you need the following information Epicor account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need the following information to authenticate the Epicor connector:
```

| Field            | Description                                                  |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | Kinetic Server   | The Kinetic Server domain of your Epicor Kinetic account. this will be just domain without any HTTP protocals for example: `ukkineticserver00.epicorsaas.com` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Kinetic Server   | The Epicor Kinetic Server account domain and subdomain not including the protocol. For example, if the Epicor Kinetic Server URL is `https://ukkineticserver00.epicorsaas.com` then enter `ukkineticserver00.epicorsaas.com` |
```

> | Kinetic Instance | The unique ID for the Instance of the Epicor Kinetic Server you wish to access. for example: `Test001Pilot` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Kinetic Instance | The Epicor Kinetic Server unique instance ID. For example, `Test001Pilot`. |
```

> | API Key          | The API Key for your Epicor account. To request an API Key you will need to contact [Epicor Support](https://epiccare.epicor.com/epiccare) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API Key          | The Epicor Kinetic account API key used to connect to the Epicor Kinetic Instance. To request an API Key, please contact [Epicor Support](https://epiccare.epicor.com/epiccare). |
```

| Company ID       | The ID associated to the Company for the Epicor Kinetic account. |

> To set up the Epicor connector in Cyclr, go to your Cyclr console:

Reviewer: This section should follow the account setup format I think? It looks like the Epicor connector doesn't have any partner level parameters.

Author: Correct, There's no Partner Level Parameters for the Epicor Connector as Each user has their own Server and instance.

Reviewer 2: In which case, this isn't the correct format. 😊  The 1..8 points here relate to Partner-level parameters, e.g. "Go to "Connectors > Application Connector Library" is at the Partner-level, not at the point you're installing the Connector.

These problems should be resolved when I finish making a "Connector Guide where Partner-level parameters must be set in the Console" template and a "it's all entered when installing a Connector" template for Connector Guides to follow.

Closing this PR as moving into Confluence anyhoo.
